Add a bunch of point cloud algorithms (#8457)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/pointcloudconversion.rst

     - [extent]
     - A map extent for selecting a subset of features in the point cloud data

       .. include:: ../algs_include.rst
          :start-after: **extent_options**
          :end-before: **end_extent_options**

   * - **X origin of a tile for parallel runs**

       Optional
     - ``ORIGIN_X``
     - [number]
     -
   * - **Y origin of a tile for parallel runs**

       Optional
     - ``ORIGIN_Y``
     - [number]
     -

Outputs
.......

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Exported**
     - ``OUTPUT``
     - [raster]
     - Output raster layer features of the point cloud layer are exported to.
       Currently supported format is :file:`.TIF`.

Python code
...........

**Algorithm ID**: ``pdal:exportraster``

.. include:: ../algs_include.rst
  :start-after: **algorithm_code_section**
  :end-before: **end_algorithm_code_section**

.. _pdalexportrastertin:

Export raster (using triangulation)
-----------------------------------

Exports point cloud data to a 2D raster grid using a triangulation of points
and then interpolating cell values from triangles.

> .. note:: Note that this can be slower if you are dealing with a large dataset.

Author: ```suggestion
.. note:: Using this algorithm can be slower if you are dealing with a large dataset.
```
